Add private beta LLM Gateway docs [closes ENT-1059] (#3999)
langchain-ai/docs: src/langsmith/llm-gateway.mdx

When a request passes through the gateway, it:

1. Authenticates the caller using their LangSmith API key.
1. Resolves the actual provider API key from your workspace's Provider Secrets.
1. Evaluates governance policies (spend limits, PII redaction, secrets redaction).
1. Proxies the request to the upstream provider.
1. Traces the call to LangSmith.

Every gateway-proxied call appears as a [trace](/langsmith/observability-concepts#traces) in LangSmith. When a policy fires, the event flows into [LangSmith Engine](/langsmith/engine) for triage—you can go from a blocked request to the trace that triggered it to the fix, all in one product.

## Feature availability

| Capability | Description |
| --- | --- |
| **Spend limits** | Hard-block enforcement at the [organization](/langsmith/administration-overview#organizations), [workspace](/langsmith/administration-overview#workspaces), [API key](/langsmith/administration-overview#api-keys), or user level. When a cap is hit, the caller receives a 402 response with an actionable error message. |

> | **Spend visibility** | Real-time cost rollups by workspace, user, API key, and model. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Spend visibility** | Real-time cost rollups by workspace, user, API key. Per-model visibility can be had via Custom Charts. |
```

| **PII redaction** | Detects and redacts names, nationality, locations, US SSNs, and US phone numbers from requests before they reach the model. |
| **Secrets redaction** | Detects and redacts API keys, tokens, and credentials from requests. Covers AWS, GitHub, GitLab, OpenAI, Anthropic, GCP, Azure, Slack, Datadog, PyPI, npm, private keys, and LangSmith tokens. |
| **LangSmith Engine integration** | Policy violations surface as issues in LangSmith Engine. Click through from a violation to the trace that produced it. |
| **Audit logging** | Administrative changes to gateway configuration and gateway invocations are logged. |

> | **Trace continuity** | Gateway calls appear in the caller's tracing project alongside their other traces. |

Reviewer 2: Let's rewrite this bullet to be: 
**Tracing:** Every gateway-proxied call appears in the same LangSmith workspace as the rest of your agent’s traces. Routing through the gateway does not fragment your observability.

> ## Supported providers

Reviewer 2: Updating this section + Known Limitations to give a better read on the coverage: 

## Supported integrations

  The gateway routes requests to Anthropic, OpenAI, and Google Gemini when authenticated with developer API keys, across:
  
  - **API SDKs**: direct calls to provider APIs
  - **CLI coding tools**: Claude Code, Codex CLI, and Gemini CLI, configured via base URL and developer API key
  - **IDE integrations**: where the vendor ships their CLI as an IDE extension, gateway routing applies via the same base URL and API key configuration
  - **Cursor (partial support)**: Cursor's OpenAI base URL setting can be pointed at the gateway, routing OpenAI-model traffic through the gateway's policy layer. Anthropic and Gemini models selected inside Cursor, as well as model usage covered by a Cursor subscription, do not route through the gateway.

  ## Current limitations

  - **CLI subscription auth.** Signing in to Claude Code or Codex CLI with a Claude.ai or ChatGPT account routes traffic through provider-internal endpoints rather than the public API surface the gateway proxies. Today, gateway-routed CLI use requires developer API key authentication.
  - **Cursor native plugin.** Cursor is supported today only via the OpenAI base URL configuration described above; a dedicated Cursor marketplace plugin is not yet available.

  ## Not supported (provider-side constraint)
  
  The following surfaces are not configurable to route through any LLM gateway (ours or otherwise) because the provider products do not expose a routable endpoint:

  - **Desktop chat apps:** Claude Desktop, ChatGPT Desktop, and the Gemini app. These authenticate directly against provider consumer infrastructure and do not expose a base URL setting.
  - **Marketplace plugins inside chat products:** third-party connectors such as Gmail or Notion enabled inside ChatGPT or Claude consumer chat. These run as extensions of the consumer chat experience and do not flow through the public API surface.

Reviewer 2: @ramonpetgrave64 can you tal to confirm this framing

Reviewer: Your new comments here are not entirely accurate and the things that are accurate are already mentioned in multiple places. I say we leave the section as is. And revisit later in a more focused way. 

Unless @katmayb has suggestions on reorganizing the docs for readability + brevity.

- Anthropic
- OpenAI
- Google Gemini

## Known limitations

> - **Claude Desktop:** no marketplace plugins supported. Chat on Desktop is not supported.

Reviewer: Cowork does work, which is a kind of chat. It's worth disambiguating.
```suggestion
- **Claude Desktop:** no marketplace plugins supported. The Chat tab not visible, but Cowork is functional.
```

> - **Claude Desktop:** no marketplace plugins supported. Chat on Desktop is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Claude Desktop:** no marketplace plugins supported. Cowork is available, but the "Chat" tab is not supported.
```

- **Codex Desktop:** no marketplace plugins supported.

> - **Cursor:** IDE integration is not yet available. Only OpenAI base URL configuration is supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Cursor:** IDE integration is not yet available.
```
